Is that a drone?
Yeah.
What are you looking at?
Trees.
Why those trees?
There's plenty of 'em over there.
I like these trees better.
Listen. kid. I'm kind of busy. all right?
My friend Jeremy had a drone.
but his mom took it away from him.
He tried tying his hamster to it
'cause he wanted to make him fly.
I'm not allowed to play
with Jeremy anymore.
- Can I fly your drone?
- No.
- Why not?
- 'Cause it's expensive.
How much does it cost?
You ask a lot of questions.
What's so interesting
about those trees anyway?
Kid. if I give you five bucks.
will you leave me alone?
I got to go.
Damn it.
I was gonna get a workout
in. but... I'll come back.
Room's big enough for the two of us.
- So how's it going?
- Good. You?
Same.
So...
Got a body in a park.
Parker out sick or something?
No. he's just running late.
I saw him going into
the multipurpose room
earlier for a workout.
Vance was in there. too.
That must've been a fun workout.
Yeah. tell me about it.
I was on the elevator up
with them the other day.
They acted like complete strangers.
Can't blame Parker for being upset.
Cid went after Jess.
- Vance did not have her back.
- I'm over it.
Parker sure isn't.
Well. I hope they patch things up soon.
I hate it when mom and dad fight.
Sorry I'm late. What do we got?
Victim is Navy chief
warrant officer Martin Hodges.
A family found him this morning.
One of the kids said that.
Hodges had a gun on him.
but we haven't been able to locate it.
His car's in the parking lot.
Torres is going through it now.
And the drone?
Kid said Hodges was flying it.
Apparently. he. claimed
to be looking at the trees.
kid didn't believe him.
Any idea what he was looking at?
Camera's smashed. Hopefully.
kasie can bring it back to life.
Got a cause of death. Jimmy?
Well. we have multiple puncture wounds
in the chest and abdomen.
No obvious signs of a struggle.
so my guess is. he never
saw the attack coming.
Everything okay?
My weapon certification's expired.
The training coordinator's
been on my ass
- about getting recertified.
- I've been there.
I've been meaning to do
it. but who's got the time?
Can't put that off forever.
Those coordinators do not mess around.
They make you do it.
Hey. guys. check this out.
Found it in his pocket.
Wait. let me see this.
You got to be kidding me.
What? You know her?
Yeah. I used to.
Her name's Olivia Garcia.
She's an old girlfriend of mine.
We used to date back in
the day. before I met Delilah.
What is our victim
doing with a photo of her?
Maybe it's a husband or boyfriend?
Or something worse.
I found some sketchy things in his truck:
Taser. zip ties. and duct tape.
We could be looking at a kidnapping.
We made contact with your ex yet?
No.
I've left. several voice mails.
Even went by her house.
Yeah. neighbors say that
they haven't seen her in a while.
but they also say she travels a lot. so...
What do we know?
Dr. Olivia Garcia. 42.
works as a microbiologist at
a research facility in Virginia.
Yeah. single mom. has a
teen son studying abroad.
We have a few calls out to him now.
How well did you know her?
We went out for about six months.
She's smart. She's funny.
You know. we-we got along great.
but she. she called it off
to. focus on her career.
I haven't talked to her since. but... What?
Well. she-she did send me an email
about two months ago.
She said that. she
wanted to get together.
talk to me about something.
What about?
I never found out.
Now I feel bad. though.
Well. what if she was in trouble.
and. you know. I wasn't there for her?
We don't know that
anything's happened yet.
She could be traveling.
just like her neighbors said.
so for now just focus on the case.
Okay?
All right. tell me about our victim.
Chief warrant officer Martin Hodges.
38 years old. single. he
was a drone pilot for the Navy.
Yeah. his C.O. said he's
been tired at work lately.
Says he might be. moonlighting.
Yeah. as a kidnapper.
We find anything on his phone?
Didn't find it at the
scene or at the apartment.
but we got his laptop.
Hard drive was locked. but
kasie's working on it now.
Training coordinator again?
Let me get rid of him.
Parker.
Yes. but... Yeah. I'm in
the middle of a case. though.
Isn't there any way
that we can shuffle...?
Wh... What if I promise
not to use my gun?
No. no. no. No. no.
no. No. no. I understand.
Fine.
Let me guess. time to pay the Piper?
They're making me go to fletc
to redo my weapons recertification.
When?
Now. I'll be gone for 24 hours.
Come on. can't you get out of it?
No. no. no. it's mandatory. Done deal.
I hate leaving you guys like this.
Well. don't worry about the case.
We'll contact you with any updates.
Who knows? You might have fun.
Maybe you'll make a friend.
I'm going to fletc. knight.
not sleepaway camp.
See you in 24.
Don't break anything while I'm gone.
Hey. kase. Any luck.
salvaging our drone?
I mean. I'm good. but I am not that good.
Look at this thing. It's toast.
Whoever did this even took the sd card.
So there's no way to know
what our victim was looking at?
No. I even checked the maps of the park
and the surrounding areas.
- see if any points of interest popped up.
- And?
It's a city park. Take your pick.
- Lots to choose from.
- So we've got nothing?
I didn't say that.
Now. I managed to break
into Hodges' hard drive.
A week before he was killed.
he received a money transfer
from an unknown source.
So maybe he was paid
to kidnap McGee's ex
and then killed afterwards to cut ties?
Could be. I'm working on
back-tracing the payments now.
Fingers crossed. it leads to our killer.
- And McGee's ex.
- -Man. I can't believe it.
A few weeks ago. torres's
ex bishop gets taken.
Now McGee's. What
is up with exes lately?
- I know. It's weird. right?
- It's super weird.
I got so spooked. I even
reached out to a few of my exes
- to make sure they were okay.
- How'd that go?
Let's just say. now I have
two coffee dates and a dinner
I don't want to go to.
What's wrong?
McGee's ex might be in
more trouble than we thought.
Torres just spoke with the local pd.
A missing persons report
was filed for her six weeks ago.
Cease fire.
Six weeks? How come we
didn't know about this sooner?
The detective handling
the case got backlogged
and hadn't put it in the system yet.
D.C.'s finest. You know. with
that amount of time missing.
the chance that Olivia is still alive is...
Yeah. I know.
- It's not good.
- How's McGee holding up?
He and torres went
down to Olivia's workplace
to speak to some of her coworkers.
Some place called.
trask underground research facility.
Detective said it was Olivia's
last known whereabouts.
Okay. give me an update
when they get back.
How's the certification going?
Hasn't started yet.
Hopefully. it won't be too bad.
Hi. Leon Vance. Where do I sign in?
Got to go.
Thank...
What are you doing here?
Same as you. I imagine.
Even directors need to recertify.
All right. enough chitchat.
Everybody take a seat. Let's go.
That means you. too. gentlemen.
Agents McGee. torres. Lucas trask.
My assistant told me you were coming.
This is about Dr. Garcia. right?
Have you found anything new?
Not yet. no. We were.
hoping to ask you a few
more questions. actually.
Of course. The police were
already here weeks ago.
but I'm willing to help
out in any way I can.
Do you mind if we walk?
I'm kind of late for a thing.
- Go for it.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Olivia was an
important part of turf.
It's what we call this place.
Trask underground research facility.
Turf fits better on our softball jerseys.
Is it always this cold around here?
Afraid so. Yeah. it's
one of the drawbacks
of being half a mile underground.
Is that how deep we
are? I was wondering.
Yeah. this whole place was
originally a cold war bunker.
The rock above us
actually acts as a shield
to keep out the uv radiation.
Wow. all that and catering. too?
This is Leo. our chef.
When you're half a
mile under the surface.
ordering lunch from grubhub
isn't exactly an option.
You guys want anything?
Cappuccino or...?
- Nah. bro.
- Yeah. we're. we're good.
Actually. we're more interested
in what you guys do around here.
In short. agent McGee.
we're trying to save the world.
Let me ask you a question.
Do either of you know
what extremophiles are?
Well. I do. but maybe you
need to explain it to McGee.
Microscopic organisms
that thrive in extreme conditions. yeah.
Ding-ding. Correct.
Now. the extremophiles
we're studying here
have a very special talent.
They produce enzymes
which can be converted
into renewable energy.
You're developing bio fuels?
Hundred times more powerful
than what's currently on the market.
All sustainable. cheaper.
and good for the planet.
Are. these things dangerous?
No. Not for touching.
Completely harmless.
Even in the unlikely event
of a containment breach.
the facility has its own lockdown system.
But again. would never happen.
Not with the crack team
I've assembled here.
Crap.
One of our new interns. A Stanford grad.
if you can believe that.
Hi.
Please don't do that. Please.
It upsets them. and they don't like that.
"They"?
I-I see you've met
Dr. Childs. our lead scientist.
These men are from NCIS.
They're investigating
Dr. Garcia's disappearance.
We'd. we'd actually like to
see Dr. Garcia's office now.
if you don't mind.
We kept Dr. Garcia's
office just as she left it.
per the request of the police.
How well did you know her?
Not very.
We had a professional relationship.
Nameplate on the door
says that she was the lead. scientist?
She was before she went missing. and.
after that. I took over the position.
Not that I had anything to do
with her disappearance. I wasn't angling
for her job or anything.
Hey. McGee?
The cabinet's been moved.
- You mind helping me move this?
- Yeah.
Looks like the grate's loose.
I've never seen that before.
I thought you were working on bio fuel.
That's correct.
Then what was Olivia doing with this?
Is that a heart?
Papio Anubis. or as it's
more commonly known.
the olive baboon.
This is not a human heart.
This is a primate.
It doesn't make it any less disturbing.
Why does it look like that?
Here you can see signs of severe
hypertrophy. hemorrhaging.
The heart was put under extreme stress
until. finally. it worked itself to death.
- But the cause is not natural.
- Drug-induced?
I found a chemical
residue in the cardiac tissue.
Kasie's running tests
now. but my guess...
this baboon was put through
animal testing. poor little guy.
Well. this doesn't make sense.
Turf labs doesn't do animal testing.
Well. someone did animal testing.
Maybe it was McGee's ex.
She went to great
lengths to hide this heart.
You think Olivia was doing
experiments on the side?
Well. it's possible. I mean.
maybe she got the baboon
on the animal black market.
You can get almost
anything there. you know.
Torres knows a guy who
can get you bear saliva
- for the right price.
- What?
Never mind. All I'm saying is that.
McGee's ex could be some sort of
Dr. Frankenstein for all we know.
Well. I think McGee would disagree.
He remembers Olivia as
being a good and decent person.
Yeah. when was that? 18 years ago?
A long time. People change.
Well. whoever did the animal testing.
we need to get back to that
lab and take a closer look
at what she was working on.
Speaking of testing...
So. I spoke to Vance's assistant.
She said Vance
is down in fletc taking
his recertification tests.
At the same time as Parker?
- Yeah.
- That is not good.
I know.
I hope they don't kill each other.
Psst.
Psst. Hey.
What?
What's the maximum
effective range of a Glock 19?
- Are you serious right now?
- Come on.
- No.
- I was up all night working on the case.
I didn't have time to study.
That is not my problem.
No talking!
Is it 40 or 50 yards?
No. I can't help you.
Of course not.
Why start now?
It's 50.
- What?
- It's 50.
You're mumbling. I can't hear you.
It's 50. It's 50 yards...
What do you think you're doing?
Are you cheating on my firearms test?
He... no. he's...
If I catch either one of you
doing it again. it's your ass.
Understand?
- Thanks.
- Shut up.
I'm sorry. I simply cannot
process your request.
Dr. Garcia's files contain
highly confidential information.
It's not just open to the public.
Yeah. Dr. Childs. we
are not the public. okay?
We are federal agents
investigating a murder and a kidnapping.
All right. and I see no
correlation between that
and the work that she did for us.
No correlation?
We found a jacked-up baboon
heart hidden in her office.
Which has nothing to
do with us. like I just said.
She was working on something.
and we need to know what it is.
Look. Dr. Garcia took her laptop with her
on the day that she disappeared.
But I have her files backed
up in our server room.
I can take you there... If you like.
Sorry. I wasn't. wasn't looking.
Nice going. Stanford.
You're really killing it around here.
Why don't you get
going? I'll catch up with you
in a little bit. okay?
- Hi.
- Hey. What can I get for you. boss?
You mind if I grab one soda here?
- There you go.
- Thank you. Thank you.
You got it.
Hey.
Thought you could.
use a little pick-me-up.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
I'm Tim. What's your name?
I'm Pete.
Hi.
You know. I...
I saw your coworkers
hassling you a little bit before.
I know how tough it is
being the youngest one
in the group. you know.
Like. when I started. they
called me all kinds of names.
You know. they called
me. probie. elf lord.
Yeah. it was pretty brutal.
But. the good news
is. things do get better.
Ooh. yeah. yeah. I hope so.
You know what the best
part about being a probie is?
Sometimes they forget
that you're around.
You hear 'em talking.
hear all kinds of interesting things.
Yeah. yeah. that's for sure.
I've definitely heard
some things around here.
You ever hear anything
about. Dr. Garcia?
Well. no. when I first got
here. she was already gone.
but I did. I did hear some. some rumors.
that the-the night
before she disappeared.
she got into a pretty big
argument in-in her office.
Any idea what it was about
or. like. who it was with?
No. I. I just heard it.
It got. it got pretty intense.
Well. thank you. Pete.
- Appreciate the help. man. all right?
- Yeah.
- Hang in there. okay?
- Thanks.
Yeah.
That was fast. Did you get the files?
We've got a problem.
The file was erased? When?
The day after she went missing.
The scientists at turf were
just as surprised as we were.
Any idea who erased them?
No. no. Kasie's looking
through the security
footage now. though.
Okay. call me when you got something.
Next shooters. stand by.
Fire.
Nice shooting. director Vance.
Yeah. not bad for a suit.
You think you can do better?
Perfect shooting. That's how you do it.
Woo-hoo! That's got to burn.
Your foot was over the line.
- What? No way.
- Yeah. it was. I saw it.
It was over the line. I
saw it with my own eyes.
Get out of here. man. You're crazy.
Yeah. right. 'cause
you're never over the line.
What's that supposed to mean?
What it means is. all year long.
you've been playing fast and loose.
You've been putting
everybody around you in danger.
I've been doing my job. Leon.
which is more than I can say for you.
- You have been micromanaging us.
- You have no idea
- what I've been doing!
- You know what?!
We need a leader. not a back seat driver!
- You need to step...
- Hey!
Stow that crap right now.
It's a gun range. not a locker room.
Now get off my range.
Instructor sterling.
Apologies. We didn't
mean any disrespect.
Look. we're sorry.
All right? We're-we're willing to do
whatever it takes to make this right.
Damn. I'm sorry to hear that. Parker.
All right. I guess I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah. Okay.
Parker isn't done with his test yet?
No. Apparently. he and Vance
got into a fight at the gun range.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
The instructor said they
got to stay another day.
I guess to make up for
the scene they caused.
Men. Fighting on a gun range.
Typical.
You get anywhere with the.
- lab surveillance cameras?
- No.
However. I did trace the payment
made to our dead drone
operator officer Hodges.
It originated from an
anonymous email account
linked to turf's domain address.
Someone inside the lab paid Hodges?
Yeah. so I pulled employee records
and ran background checks
to figure out who it was.
And someone isn't
who they say they are.
They're lying about their identity.
Who?
Why am I here? Did I
do something wrong?
Pete Reynolds. 25 years old.
grad student from Stanford.
- Yeah. That's me.
- Except it isn't.
We called the university.
They have no record of a
Pete Reynolds having enrolled.
W-Well. you know how
those registrar offices are.
They're misplacing files all the time.
Well. we checked your résumé
and your letters of recommendation
that you submitted
for the internship at turf.
All forged.
It was a cute act.
pretending to be the shy.
bumbling intern.
But now that the show's
over. you want to tell us
who you really are?
Yeah. you're right...
I lied about my identity.
but I have my reasons.
Do those reasons include hiring
officer Hodges to abduct Olivia
and then killing him afterwards?
Hodges is dead?
Found in a park.
Stabbed six times.
No. no. no. n-no. I...
You don't understand.
Yes. I did hire Hodges.
but it was not to abduct
Olivia. it was to find her.
Olivia is my mother.
My name is Mateo.
I'm 18 years old.
and I've been looking for my
mom ever since she went missing.
That's why I lied.
Okay?
So I could get into the lab.
I was looking for answers.
You are Olivia Garcia's son?
Yeah. I don't look like
her. I look more like my dad.
or so I've been told.
I don't know. I never met him before.
He split before I was born.
I need a second. I'll be... I'll be back.
Are you okay?
I kind of feel like I
can't breathe right now.
Okay. just relax.
Talk to me.
That kid said he's 18. right?
Said he never met his father.
Yeah.
I dated Olivia 18 years ago.
So he's McGee's son?
Possibly. I mean. the math adds up.
- Whoa.
- And I checked his birth certificate.
The father is listed as "unknown."
How's McGee handling it?
He's pretty rattled. He
went home early last night.
And the kid... what's his
name... does he know?
Mateo? I don't think so.
Where is he?
We're holding him as a precaution.
Hey. bro.
I just heard. You okay?
Hardly slept at all last night.
Did you. talk to Delilah?
She. told me not to spiral
until I take a paternity
test and know for sure.
Smart woman.
What if he really is my son?
What do I tell my kids?
What do I tell Mateo?
If this is true. I've been an
absentee father for 18 years.
Come on. man. not on purpose.
All right? You didn't know.
Still. I feel like I let him down.
Ever since my twins were born.
I have prided myself
on being a great father.
That is who I am.
I don't know why Olivia didn't tell me.
Why don't we listen to Delilah?
I mean. there's still a possibility
that you're not the father.
Yeah. What about Olivia?
Did she have any
boyfriends right before you?
You know what? Yeah. There was.
there was one guy I remember. Yeah.
Great. There you go.
Okay. so we get kasie to
get a sample of Mateo's DNA.
she runs the paternity
test. we find out for sure.
And in the meantime. we just focus
- on the case.
- Yeah. that's right.
I mean. the best thing
we can do for this kid
is to find his mother.
Yeah.
Okay. we got any ideas?
Maybe.
So. we know that Mateo
hired our victim Hodges
to trace his mother's movements
before she went missing.
Hodges must have gotten too close
to discovering who took
her and paid the price.
Fortunately. he logged all
of his findings on a hard drive
which he gave to Mateo
before he was killed.
- Kasie's analyzing them now.
- Yeah.
That's good. right?
Hopefully. we get good news.
Yeah. on both fronts.
Unbelievable.
Hey. you want to give me a
hand with this crap or what?
Just reading an update from knight.
You better put that away
before sterling sees you.
We're in enough hot water as it is.
When I told him I'd do
whatever to make it right.
this wasn't what I had in mind.
Yeah. tell me about it.
I haven't had to do
this kind of grunt work
since I was in basic.
- My knees are killing me.
- Yeah. well.
my back is worse. believe me.
I got no cartilage left here. man.
I'm working bone on bone.
And my l4 is herniated.
I had surgery twice.
Please. I can't even
stand without it hurting.
That's one thing we can agree on.
We're both pathetic.
You know what?
We certainly are.
What's going on. Leon?
These last few months. it seems like.
you haven't been there for us.
Like you turned your back.
If this is about agent knight and cid...
No. it's not just about that.
I know something is up. Leon...
so just tell me.
It's...
I haven't turned my back.
I've been fighting for you.
I've been fighting for all of you.
It's bad out there. park.
The rumors about cid shutting
down. folding into NCIS?
That's happening.
Which means that
there are gonna be cuts.
So I've been working day and night
trying to save all of our jobs.
That's what I've been doing.
And the pressure for that has...
Why didn't you say something?
Because after your
father died. I got the feeling
that you really didn't
want to hear from me.
I know that I. I said
some harsh things to you...
and I'm sorry.
I-I... I was out of my mind back then.
So. in the future...
Maybe next time you have
a problem. just come to me.
I could help.
All right. I'll do that.
So. are we gonna hug now or what?
No. we're gonna get back to work
- so we can get the hell out of here.
- All right.
What you watching?
You find anything new about my mom?
Not yet. but. we are
working very hard on it. okay?
You hungry at all?
We got a vending
machine down the hall.
It's got a terrific selection of chips.
I know why you're being nice to me.
You think I might be your son.
I saw how freaked out you got
when I said that I never met my dad.
So I hacked into my mom's
Facebook account on my phone.
saw that you guys dated.
put two and two together.
That's why you asked for my DNA.
You want to take a paternity test. right?
If it turns out I am your father...
how would you feel about that?
What do you want me to say?
That I'm thrilled?
Sorry to disappoint you. but...
I've gone 18 years without a dad.
I do not care either way.
Just find my mom.
We never give up. Mateo.
I'm gonna do everything in my power
to bring her home to you. okay?
I'll be back. okay?
Okay.
All right. kasie. What's the news?
You may want to sit down.
God.
What? No. No. no.
I was talking about the
case. not the paternity test.
The results haven't
come back yet. Just...
What are you doing? You
almost gave me a heart attack.
I know. I'm sorry. I just found something
very interesting on Hodges' flash drive.
You want to hear it now or
you want to lay down first?
Let's get on with it.
Okay. so a week before she disappeared.
Olivia visited three separate
research labs. all in Virginia.
A pharmaceutical one. a chemical one.
and an animal testing facility.
Which is where she could've
gotten the baboon heart from.
Exactly. I looked into the labs.
They're all owned by Lucas trask.
the same guy who owns turf.
Right. so he's a rich
guy interested in science.
Yeah. but when I spoke
to the lead scientist at turf.
she had no idea the
other labs even existed.
and the scientists at the other three labs
all said the exact same thing.
No one in each lab knows
what the other is doing.
I wonder what trask is working on.
I don't know for sure. but I've got an idea.
The pathology on the
baboon heart came back.
The tissue damage
was caused by exposure
to a potent biologically active compound.
Trask was making a bioweapon?
Each lab responsible
for a separate piece.
By itself. harmless. but put it together?
That is why Olivia visited all the labs.
She was gathering evidence.
She must have figured out
what they were really making
and was gonna blow the whistle.
She didn't want to make
the same mistake twice.
I did some reading up on her.
Before the job at turf.
Olivia was the lead scientist
at a pharma company
working on an Alzheimer's drug.
Now. the company rushed
the drug into human trials
despite Olivia saying it wasn't ready.
Several people got hurt.
She must have blamed herself.
this time wanted to make it right.
Until somebody stopped her.
And who has the most to lose?
Before you proceed.
I want it on the record.
my client is here of his own volition
and is in no way a suspect or
being charged with anything.
Give it time.
You lied to us. Mr. Trask.
You're not developing
a bio fuel in your lab.
You're making a weapon.
Olivia Garcia got wind of it.
She threatened to go public.
so you abducted her to keep her quiet.
And then you killed this man
when he got too close to the truth.
This is ridiculous.
Do you have proof of any of this?
We've got an animal
specimen from one of your labs.
Shows what the weapon can do.
We also know it was you
who got into an argument
with Olivia the night
before she disappeared.
You messed up. trask.
You forgot that her office door
requires an I.D. badge for entry.
We checked the swipe
logs from that night.
Guess whose name popped up.
Know what? I don't want to
waste any more time with this.
so a-allow me to clear
a few things up for you.
- Mr. Trask. you really shouldn't...
- Yes. I lied
about what I was developing in my lab.
as I've lied to all the
scientists working under me.
But I only did it to protect
the secrecy of the project.
I'm about to sign a lucrative
contract with the U.S. military.
and one leak to a rival
company could cost me billions.
Are you expecting us to believe
that the U.S. military
is buying a bioweapon?
It's not a weapon. agent
knight. it's a smart drug.
The microbes in our lab
produce an enzyme that can boost
alertness and energy levels.
The benefits to soldiers in
the field would be enormous.
But our formulation was too strong.
That's what Olivia discovered.
That baboon heart wasn't
evidence of how well
the drug worked. it was
evidence that it failed.
So that's what the argument
in her office was about?
Yes. She wanted more testing.
I pushed back because of
the cost but eventually agreed.
and she was right.
Since then. we've transitioned to a safer
and cheaper-to-produce compound.
She ended up saving me millions.
So I'm sorry to disappoint you.
but I didn't abduct Olivia Garcia.
Hell. I wanted to promote her.
I even have the emails
I sent her to back it up.
Is it true?
Is... it... did trask... did he take my mom?
Mateo. you shouldn't be in here.
Sorry. He got away from me.
Answer me!
Did trask take my mom?
It doesn't look like it. no. I'm sorry.
You said you'd find her.
you made this great speech.
Mateo. we just need more time.
You're useless.
So Lucas trask isn't our guy?
No. his story checks out.
Plus we just got Hodges'
exact time of death.
Let me guess. trask had an alibi.
Yeah.
He was giving a presentation
in front of 200 people.
Great.
So where's that leave us?
Not with much.
And how's the kid doing?
As good as you can expect.
McGee's taking him back to turf now
to pick up his belongings.
since he no longer works there.
All right. well. keep at it.
Vance and I are done
here. so we're gonna jump
on the first plane home.
You guys patched things up?
We're good.
I'll fill you in when I see you.
You didn't have to come.
You know. someone
else could've taken me.
Yeah. I know.
I always loved this one.
She looks so happy.
It was taken before I was born.
Yeah. no. I'm aware.
I... Actually took that photo.
Your mom and I. we went
to an amusement park.
She ate so much cotton candy.
she almost. threw up on me.
Your mom and I had
some good times together.
Then... Then why did you leave her?
I didn't.
Wasn't my choice.
And I never would've
left if I knew about you.
There you are.
- What's up?
- I might have something.
So. I was going through
Olivia's background records.
and I came across the job that she held
before she worked at turf.
Yeah. I remember.
McGee told me about it.
It's some big pharma company.
they rushed. a drug to trial
and. people got hurt.
Yeah. except they didn't
just get hurt. they died.
The families of the victims
even filed a class action lawsuit.
- Good. They win?
- Never made a dime.
Company's army of
lawyers made sure of that.
But I came across an article
that includes photos of the families.
Check it out.
Anyone look familiar?
We got to call McGee now.
Jess. hey. what's going on?
- McGee. you still at turf?
- Yeah.
No. w-we're about getting
ready to leave. Why? What's up?
Stay there. We're coming to you.
I don't understand.
We figured out who took Olivia.
It was the staff cook Leo Finch.
His wife died years ago in the drug trial
that was overseen by Olivia.
So he must blame
Olivia for his wife's death
and this whole thing's
been about revenge.
And he lives less than
a mile from the park
where Hodges was killed.
And that's what Hodges
was doing with his drone.
He was looking at Finch's house.
- Yeah. so hang tight. McGee.
- We should be there soon.
Let's just hope he doesn't
realize we're onto him.
Too late.
Mateo. stay there.
- Whoa. hey!
- Sorry.
Drop the gun or I'll cut him!
Finch. it's over.
I'll slit his neck right open.
- What did you do with my mom?
- Your mom?
Listen to me. I'm putting
the gun down. okay?
Gun's going down.
Hey.
You want a hostage? Take me. okay?
Do not hurt the kid. please.
That bitch took away the
only person I ever loved.
Now it's her turn to see what it feels like!
No!
Stay there. stay there.
You hurt? You okay?
That was a nice hit.
Up. Get up. get up. On the wall.
We found Olivia in Leo Finch's house.
He'd kept her captive in his
basement for the past six weeks.
- So. is she...
- She's fine.
She was in shock and a little
dehydrated. but she's okay.
In fact. she's on her way here right now.
Thank god.
Hey. mom. Hi.
I missed you so much.
My god. I love you.
Nice work. guys. I should
leave town more often.
- I was so worried. mom...
- I love you. honey...
The paternity test results just came in.
You should take a look.
Okay. so just give this
a read and make sure
we got the facts right and...
How you feeling?
Much better now.
We were just going over her statement.
but I'll give you guys a minute.
Thank you.
Why didn't you tell me I had a son?
I... I didn't even know I was pregnant
until after we split up.
And you didn't think...
to tell me?
I was young.
Scared.
And I knew that if I would have told you.
you would have asked me to marry you.
and that would have been a mistake.
Tim. we. we had some
wonderful times together.
but I think we both knew
we weren't each other's soulmates.
and I knew you were destined
to be happier with someone else.
And I was right. wasn't I?
You still should've told me. Olivia.
You denied Mateo and I the chance
to have a relationship for 18 years.
I know.
And I'm sorry.
I thought about telling you all the time.
And the more time that
passed. the harder it got.
Tim. you have to know. I
never meant to hurt you.
Either of you.
So. now that you know...
where do we go from here?
I would like to...
I would like to be a part of Mateo's life.
if he'll. if he'll let me.
I think he'd like that.
Well. Leon. we reunited
a mother and child
and got ourselves recertified.
What do you say we grab
a couple beers to celebrate?
What's wrong?
I just got off the phone with secdef.
Yeah?
You still fighting to keep 'em off us?
Fight's over.
Turns out. the rumors
about cid were wrong.
They're not being shut
down and folded into NCIS.
We're the ones being shut down.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org